>> Steve Kinney: Other things about task,
what else do I have to say?
The problem matcher,
have I written one these myself?
Yes, do I ever want to do it again?
No, which is to take all
the lines of stuff that come out,
parse it to see if you
need to deal with it,
hope that you never have to write one,
right?
But again you just have the different
groups, this is like, what file is it in,
what line, what column,
severity and a message?
And then anything that matches that Regex
will show up in the Problems tab and
you can jump to it.
Again, most common,
unless you have a bespoke test runner or
some other bespoke build thing?
You can grab one off the shelf,
don't do this, and then finally the nice
part is you can reuse the same terminal,
have a dedicated terminal for that task,
you can have it run silently in
the background, there's a lot of like.
Steps, so, like, so the some of the
questions, like, why wouldn't I run this?
Like, you could literally just say,
start the development server,
run in a background tab,
I don't even want to see it, right?
And you can have the problem matcher
there, if there's problems Chauvin,
I'll jump to that place in the code,
you can, like, when we
get to debugging in a second, like,
some of that you will get for free, right?
That said, I, also,
if you look in the terminal,
anything that is a file path, like colon,
like Like row number, colon number,
you can also command click and
jump right to as well, right?
So like yes to all of those,
what else do we need to say about this?
We talked about compound tasks and
sequence, you can run them in parallel,
you can not care if they're not
like if they're totally unimpotent.
Again, if you need to like wipe
out the local SQLite database and
run another one,
like various things that you
can do as well,
what else to say about tasks?
Like we can play with some of these,
but, like,
I'll kind of leave this as
an exercise because I think watching
me run shell commands is,
beyond what's sure, very cute to watch.
Also but it's the same concept over and
over and over again, and
you're better off spending time playing
with your actual code base to see if there
are some productivity gains here.
But again, if you're using
a TypeScript compiler or Es Lynch or
whatever, there are some
niceties there as well.